Friday February 13th, 2026

Members present: Barha, Aryan, Andrea, Ayla

- In today's meeting, we went over progress for Milestone 2. We discussed some of the diagrams we individually created and altered them according to group suggestions.
- We fixed the class diagram to fit more with the component breakdown, alongwith the data flow diagram to contain more processes and data stores.
- We reformated the component identification to be more in line with the system architecture.
- We decided to create a different sequence diagram than a current one, so that it covered a more critical workflow (order delivery).
- We redelegated some of the remaining tasks, and decided to reconvene later in the day through messages.
- We decided to start our next sprint for M3 while reading break has started, and plan to meet in the following week to plan and get started on the backend.


Wed Feb 18th
Members present: Barha, Aryan, Andrea, Ayla

- We want to further break down our high level requirements into subtasks that we can individually tackle.
- First task: Everyone should add the subtasks from the sprint backlog document onto the project board, and assign themselves to ones they see fit.
- We did this in the meeting, creating sub issues off the high level requirements.


Schedule
- Everyone work on 4 issues a week, so 12 issues in total each week
- There is a total of 44 subissues
- HR1
- 


